afun tpos plemma => func
tpos tcas ppos => func
tcas tten plemma => func
lemma afun plemma => func
lemma tpos => func
tpos tspos plemma => func
lemma afun ppos => func
lemma afun => func
afun tcas plemma => func
tpos tcas pgen => func
tpos pcas pneg => func
lemma tpos plemma => func
afun tcas pspos => func
lemma tpos pneg => func
lemma tpos pgrd => func
afun tspos plemma => func
afun tspos pafun => func
afun tcas pneg => func
lemma afun pafun => func
afun tten plemma => func
tcas tper plemma => func
afun tgen plemma => func
afun tpos plemma => pdel
afun tcas ppos => func
lemma tpos pafun => func
afun tcas => func
tpos tcas plemma => func
afun tspos pgrd => func
afun tgrd plemma => func
lemma afun pgrd => func
afun tper plemma => func
tpos tspos ppos => func
afun tpos => func
afun tpos pafun => func
afun pafun ppos => func
tpos tcas pspos => func
afun tnum plemma => func
afun tspos pspos => func
afun plemma pafun => func
afun plemma pcas => func
lemma tgen ppos => func
lemma afun pper => func
afun tcas pcas => func
lemma tspos => func
afun tpos ppos => func
lemma afun pneg => func
lemma tpos pcas => func
afun tpos pgrd => func
lemma afun pgen => func
tpos plemma pafun => func
lemma tpos ppos => func
lemma tpos pafun => pdel
lemma tnum pafun => func
lemma afun plemma => pdel
tnum tgrd plemma => func
tgen tcas plemma => func
tpos tnum plemma => func
lemma afun pspos => func
afun tgen pspos => func
afun pafun pspos => func
tper tneg plemma => func
afun tspos ppos => func
tpos tgen plemma => func
lemma afun pnum => func
lemma tpos pgen => func
lemma tpos pper => func
tgen tnum plemma => func
afun tspos pnum => func
tcas tgrd plemma => func
tpos plemma pcas => func
tgen tcas pgen => func
tspos plemma pafun => func
tpos tspos plemma => pdel
tpos plemma pnum => func
tnum tper plemma => func
afun tneg plemma => func
lemma pafun pgen => func
tgen plemma pafun => func
lemma tpos pnum => func
lemma tnum plemma => func
lemma afun pvoi => func
tcas plemma pafun => func
lemma tcas pafun => func
lemma tcas plemma => func
lemma afun pcas => func
tcas plemma pcas => func
lemma pgen pnum => func
lemma tgen => func
tnum tcas plemma => func
tper tten plemma => func
lemma tgen pafun => func
lemma tcas pgen => func
afun tcas pafun => func
tpos tcas pafun => func
afun tpos pafun => pdel
lemma tgen plemma => func
afun plemma pnum => func
afun plemma pspos => func
lemma tcas pgrd => func
lemma ppos pnum => func
lemma tnum ppos => func
lemma afun pafun => pdel
lemma pafun ppos => func
lemma pafun pnum => func
afun tspos pcas => func
lemma tcas ppos => func
tpos plemma pafun => pdel
tpos plemma pcas => pdel
afun tpos ppos => pdel
tgen tgrd plemma => func
lemma tspos plemma => func
lemma tcas pnum => func
tspos pafun pgen => func
tnum plemma pafun => func
lemma afun pcas => pdel
afun plemma pcas => pdel
tpos tcas pcas => func
lemma afun ppos => pdel
lemma pafun pper => func
lemma tnum pnum => func
tnum tcas pspos => func
tnum plemma pnum => func
afun tnum plemma => pdel
lemma tnum pgen => func
afun tnum pafun => func
lemma tcas pper => func
lemma tpos plemma => pdel
lemma tspos pafun => func
afun tgen pafun => func
lemma tgen plemma => pdel
lemma pafun pneg => func
lemma plemma pafun => func
tgen pafun pspos => func
tgen plemma pspos => func
